Well, this episode is not gonna come out till Monday. So oh, so I'll be in Miami when this episode comes out. How weird. Yeah, wait
No, I won't it'll be in the morning
Close enough. I'll be on the plane. I'll basically be here. If you listen this podcast Adam is basically here. Yes
I
Thought you sounded sick again. Okay, am I sick? That's why I need to understand right now because
It's been three weeks and
Honestly, I feel as bad as I felt at the the peak of it
I thought there's like three or four days where I was no symptoms and it's bad
So I got sick again or I got pneumonia or something
I don't know. Can you describe what you feel? It's mostly head congestion
But now I've got it in my head that it could be something in my chest because of pneumonia
Like I'm like, oh, do I have a cough?
I'm shortness of breath my heart rate like my aura sleep tracker has said my heart rate's been elevated every night
And it's like 15 beats per minute higher than normal all the time
So my heart is doing stuff struggling. I don't know
Yeah, I really I
convince myself that I'm better because I have competition Saturday next week's Miami
Like I'm fine. I'm like so nervous for everyone right now because I'm like nobody better get sick
There might be like nothing needs to happen. Nothing should happen this week. There's so much stuff coming up. Yeah
Yeah, I mean it could be like a
The one time I was sick for what felt like a very long time was
What the first time I had covid I mean first or second time I had covid
I felt like it took me forever. I like got back to 80 pretty quickly, but then it took me like
Like a month to be back to a hundred. Yeah, that's describing me like yeah
I mean it might be that and then um the other time was a science infection and that was like
That lasted a very long time
Why do I I dropped my health insurance and I've been to the hospital twice and now I'm sick for a month like what is going on?
Big big pharma conspiring against me. They've somehow made me sick
There's a I'm like I this get more convinced every day that irony is like a property of physics
at this point
Just guaranteed exact insurance. I knew you were gonna yeah
Not only did you go to the hospital you went to the hospital with like some really random of
You would never you would never guess like those sepsis in your knee
I've never been to the hospital in my adult life like I went once in high school
Uh, but like mostly
I've had a pretty like clean slate in terms of my health and adulthood
And then literally months after I dropped health insurance. I was in the hospital with first time was
Uh, what was the first time? Oh, I had like a viral infection in my
Gut and it like yeah, it was excruciating pain and then the second time yeah a weird infection in my knee
Anyway, I'm just I'm dying. We're all dying, but I'm dying a little a little faster
But we can't be dying because we have so much cool stuff going on. I'm so excited. I'm manic. It's all it's good
So much fun. Yeah, I was telling Liz yesterday. I was like, I think adam's mania has been activated
Anytime there's something new like a new project or something man. I just don't sleep. I'm just
Maybe that's why I'm not getting better because I'm not sleeping. Do you know is that like my color is changing like constantly?
It does seem different
What is my character like the light from your monitor?
No, I haven't changed anything. I think I think I fucked up some studying my camera
Yeah, you've not had like normal jobs
So like the people you're on calls with are your friends that you work with
Uh, but maybe you can't relate to this, but there's that like I'm on a zoom call with a bunch of people and I don't need to be on it
I'm just listening
What your color change? Yeah, it's yellow now. I'm like super yellow again. What? Yeah, well in the world
Okay, but like you're you're you're kind of paying attention
But not really but then you realize like everyone can tell you're not paying attention because the screen flashing on your face
Like you're clearly browsing the web
It's very obvious
But we're all just gonna be okay. Well, I think about that with my mic because my mic picks up my keyboard typing. Uh, yeah
Pretty well. I mean your fake keyboard sounds
No, my real keyboard sounds. Oh, I forgot about the thank you. I think I
Think I like accidentally turned that off at some point and forgot about I gotta bring that back
My fake keyboard noises that reminds me uh, just a quick question before we get into serious stuff
Why is sound on the web bad like I so badly we just made a thing that we teased out
And on the website, I it's like it's supposed to be like a terminal prompt
I want to make it like make clicky sounds when you type but I'm like, yeah, I can't do that sound is bad
On the web people don't want sound why I feel like it should be a whole multimedia experience, you know
Wait, what do you mean people don't want sound? Do you think people would have been upset?
I feel like websites. Yeah, people don't want or they can't be on by default. Like if you have sounds that go off
Because of advertisers the advertisers are in the web. Yeah, I know this because uh
Back in my ad ad tech days. Okay. Here's a really funny thing that I built
At one point. So when I was an ad tech, I was basically like
You know how you're like
Oh, man, there's always evil people in history. How did like millions of people follow them?
That was me. I was just like doing my job doing evil stuff, but it was fun
And I was just kind of caught up in like the engineering of it
uh
So
You can't autoplay videos when a page loads of course. That's like unless it's a background video
Like it's some cool trendy like hero background video that's playing behind your hero text
That's okay, but it's just visual. It's not audio, right?
I don't know exactly what the limitation is, but I know that
And especially something served in an iFrame couldn't
Oh, you're saying literally you couldn't I thought you were just saying it's frowned upon it
No, no
There's like a browser. There's some
That thing that makes it or there's some like the fault behavior browser that makes so you can't auto play video when a page loads
But for advertisers, I was like, oh, okay. I guess we keep we have to wait from the tap the video to play
But who the hell is ever gonna tap? Yeah, right. I'm gonna click on this ad to see what happened
I built this system where you could
Uh pre-process a video and get it streamed over web socket and have it render as canvas
Canvas you're so yeah, so it would autoplay the video, but it wouldn't really be a video just be like a canvas streaming
like
And this was worse because like the compression obviously wasn't as
I didn't like some crazy compression thing
Um, so I was like it would just send you a lot of data
But it would uh, you know auto play and that was a product that we marketed
Oh, that's another thing that I uh that reminded me I need to ask you about because you're smart
Uh, my I feel like it's dns
Something like speed tests on my computer. Fine. My network speed test like my internet connection is fast
Uh, it's in my office closet. By the way, the fiber terminates environment. Sorry
It internet is fast, but there's like this crazy latency right now browsing the web in my home
And I it lines up with I got a bunch of notifications from my synology
Uh network storage device that there have been login attempts from like russia and china and all these places that there
Shouldn't be people trying to log in to my uh network storage device
So some somehow and I know I exposed some of this stuff on the internet because I want to access it outside my home
But is it possible to me hacked me and they like
Slow down my dns because it is my dns server as well. My synology runs
It does my dns stuff because I use like ad guard or something
Is it possible to me hacked in and they they're doing something they're like intercepting all the traffic and making it slow
I mean, it's definitely plausible
Especially because you have like an exotic configuration that would allow for that kind of thing
Uh, why do you expose anything on the internet? They have you, uh, I used to try setting up tails. Okay, so
Got a head of your nails
All right, you asked the question
Yeah, well hillskill doesn't work for everything. There's what what did I expose uh?
Uh, it has to do with my I made a little like
IOS app for myself when I stream iRL stuff so I can like do stuff to my OBS and some things like that
And rtmp streaming or hls streaming or something. I don't know. I mean, it's totally possible
And I'm also maybe less than things completely open without passwords or anything
It's possible
I'm just you think it's you think it's just your dn
Nes because your speed test. Yeah, like speed because like the bandwidth of my internet is fine
The the connection to my internet, but it's just like when I hit a website. There's like a 10 second delay right now
For everything and it just feels like
If you do like it if you do like a dig is that slow and your terminal? I haven't tried
You always come up with the super obvious like you could try this yesterday. You did this with me
You're like wait. Have you tried just like running it locally and seeing it?
Nevermind got a fix
Yeah, sorry. I'll try I'll try if it's just dn s I should be easy to like pinpoint, but it might be something more nefarious
Yeah, it feels pretty nefarious my whole web experience just got really slow just wipe everything and restart just start over
Yeah, I could just block all this stuff
I should probably set up a rule or something in my ubiquitous hardware. That's like don't accept any connections from Russia
Just probably don't need any connections from Russia. It's just block those
No inbound connections or outbound
Do you like do you really take advantage of
All that stuff like but why do you have all that?
You know, I think I went with the ubiquity stuff after we when we built our first home
We had a contractor do all the like
Networking and home intelligence if you will it's the same person like they did the theater
They did all of it and they used ubiquity equipment
So I just kind of got used to like using unify console and all that
Uh, so yeah, so I did that and then like whaps in the attic the whole thing just to make a nice
home network
Uh, yeah, I just when we built the new house. I just decided to draw on myself
And I went with ubiquity stuff, but I don't take advantage of it. There's so much you can do in there
Yeah, because like I'm thinking about like
I don't know what I need would need to add like I just use like a consumer
Router and consumer networking. Yeah, how how big of a living space
Are you in? Yeah, I mean we just have mesh mesh Wi-Fi and that's good enough for
Yeah, like I think with our with our especially our first home was like 5,000 square feet on two levels
And there weren't like really good just consumer router situations that covered the whole house with good coverage
Well, yeah, I mean, I think for a big house you would definitely have need like multiple like wired
Set up. Yeah, I guess the mesh thing. I guess like you can
You can buy those google mesh. There's probably a lot of options for just mesh routers
It works surprisingly. Well, like I have I have the google one that I only bought it because when I was staying
We were saying it is so funny
So we were staying in a house in Miami when we used to visit here in the winter
And I show like the late the whole time every time we did this what I was always nervous about was like
Am I gonna show up? Is that you're not gonna suck because I have to be here for three months and that would be disaster
So I show up and I like immediately want to speed test and it's horrible and I'm like
Like this is this or bad situation
But then I plugged in to the wall and it ran a speed test and it was like literally 10 times faster
And I was like these people were paying for such fast internet. They like messed up the Wi-Fi situation
Yeah, so then I bought a mesh system for that house and I use it and I like completely fixed it
But then now I moved here and I started using it again. Yeah, and it works really well
Like I mean my house isn't huge
But it covers like all the way into my backyard and and everything nice. Yeah, yeah, they do work really well compared to how like
Like my parents house. We had like so many random dead zones that we could just like never really fix
But now this much definitely fix it. Yeah, hey, we got a lot to talk about we do
Uh, you've got some cloud flare stuff you want to talk about
We we leaked our our secret project that people on the podcasts know about I mean
They listen to our pocket. Wait, the people who listen our podcast know that we have a secret project
They may not know that we leaked it
We didn't leave it. We didn't leave it. I don't know
It's not really a teaser because we teased it. I haven't told people what it is
We've just been like hey, here's a little something a little something for you
I told a couple people what it was. Oh, you did? Yeah, because a few people told them told them. Yeah
Oh, I told trash. Well, no, I mean I told some because I remember I was like whoever first were people that find
Oh, yeah, you did them. Yeah, and they're all like whoa, that's such a good idea. Oh good. They're excited about it. Yeah
Yeah, every single person I've told I told a bunch of people here in Miami in person
Uh, yeah, so if you're listening to podcasts, you can uh, you can get the same teaser and just go to twitter
No, should we do that? Should we just say it?
Like SSH type in SSH terminal dot shop. There you go. And that's the keys. You've been teased
along with everybody else
Okay, let's talk cloudflare stuff. Yeah, so I guess last time we recorded that was in the middle of cloudflare dev week
Um, what a mistake should wait till it was over. Yeah, it's funny because our recording schedule is tough when news doesn't line up perfectly
I know like all news needs to wait until wednesday
Like drop all your stuff on wednesday so we can talk about it right away. Exactly
But it also gives us time to reflect and like I think give it maybe a different perspective. So
Oh, I've been reflecting. Yeah, that's all i've been doing for the last week
Uh, so it was on thursday and then so friday they acquired
You know two of our friends companies two of them. Yeah, it's kind of crazy. So they acquired party kit and baseline
Uh both people that we know. Mm-hmm now it's on the same day, right? Yeah
Uh, the party kit one
That one is I guess a little less surprising because he
It's a product built so around the cloudflare ecosystem and
So you're like worked at cloudflare pyre. So that makes a lot of sense. I think he just got his like
The way I see it. It's like he took this funny path where sometimes you're you're at your at a big company and you're like
Man, we should be doing this but like you can't convince
Whatever to like you can't convince a company to let you work on that
So he just left and worked on it anyway
That hired him back and he gets to work on it. So it's like this really roundabout way to get your way
And then baseline, which is a you know, an observability tool
And they're like very early ST users. So their app isn't actually an SST app
Uh, nice and they're gonna acquire
Yeah, and they've done like really cool things and so they got acquired to basically build observability for a cloudflare
Which I think is going to be crazy because every cloud's logging product is bare minimum
Which kind of makes sense because most
Serious companies are going to go pay to a dog anyway. Um, but that just means that if you're not
A company that like necessarily is going to automatically pay for day a dog
You just have like a really weak default experience because they don't really care too much
So if i'm imagining cloudflare getting as a baseline
an observability experience on par with like baseline
Yeah
That's that's pretty crazy. That's like a pretty crazy
Floor and they could obviously you can grow out of that
but
Yeah, I'm excited to see what comes out of that way having all that stuff turned on and working by default with nothing to set up
Like that's pretty appealing. Yeah cloudflare gets more and more
Appealing. Yeah, not just from your investor standpoint, but like
from a
I'm building modern web applications
Is it missing anything now?
Is there anything with all the latest announcements? No, I think it's funny because their dev weeks have been like increasingly increasingly more
interesting and I think this dev week just hit it a whole new level
Like I feel like everybody was talking about it and there's so much excitement around it
And I think yeah, you can build real stuff on it
You know our secret project that we just built is mostly on cloudflare
Cloudflare for sure doesn't have containers and we do need containers so we mix cloudflare and it together
um
And yeah, I mean it worked well and really
No, no real issue just it's still you're still an early adopter if you're using it, but
It's all totally possible possible
The other thing was because party kit and baseline got acquired everybody was like
There are so many tweets asking if that's the season getting acquired or like telling cloudflare they should acquire the season
It just like fun, you know
Kind of does
Yeah, that would be such a crazy like team to put together like all the cloudflare people who are already like
Very good at what they do and then baseline and then party kit and then us two like
That like comes together really nicely
But we basically already get that now without actually having to join them
So we're seeing how far we can go just working together
Yeah, because it would be it would be a bummer for me
Personally, if sst were acquired by cloudflare
I mean I'd be happy for you, but like the AWS picture would probably change on sst
and
I very much rely on that for many reasons. That's another reason why like
I mean we talked about this last time where I have like very mixed feelings about acquisitions
But this is a very pointed example where we have this vision that's very large
But if we were acquired by cloudflare
It would get scoped down to like yeah, a much smaller thing
It could be better because it is scoped down, but
Yeah, that's why it's not like immediately very appealing
So I just remembered what it was that uh, you had some stuff to talk about about cloudflare
It was some next JS vercel stuff
Uh, in terms of the vercel infrastructure to our listeners that are sick of hearing about vercel
I'm sorry, but we gotta do this one more time
I said the words next to us the vercelle. I was like, uh, I can just feel people like really are we gonna talk about them again?
Do we have to talk about them again? Yeah, I think
So in this case
I mean if people have asked us to talk about it, um, and I think I have some information that's or maybe just a perspective
That's a little bit different. So another thing that happened this week, which was funny is
Oh, wait, man. There's so much that happened now. I'm remembering. Okay. Mm-hmm. So
cloudflare dev week is going on
You know, they're getting a lot of attention in the background the whole ver uh, you know, vercelle had like a little mini drama where like
They increased pricing, but they said they decreased it, but it increased for a bunch of people. It was very confusing
Uh-huh, so people were like some people were
Quote unquote. It's upset by that. You know, like fake upset is
You know how people are yeah, I know people and there was like, you know, manufacturer drama around all that
And a lot of people were talking about how like you can just use a vps and cloudflare
You can just like this and cloudflare cloudflare's name kept coming up in that conversation. Mm-hmm. And I always found this interesting because
I knew that
So if you if you go back a year ago if you look at vercelle's messaging, they were doing a lot with building on cloudflare, right? They launched
Um
Like middleware they launched uh, they're like edge run quote unquote edge runtime. All itself was built on cloudflare
To run on cloudflare workers. So in my head, I was like, okay, vercelle has a good relationship with cloudflare
And they're like trying to be partners do's together
But at some point and so if you go back a year ago vercelle kept talking about how
Everything is gonna move to edge. Like you're gonna put all yourself on edge your code is gonna run edge edge edge
There was kind of obsessively hammering that that forward and you imagine that's like a technical
Presentation, but really it's a result of like, you know, then like seeing opportunity and building on top of cloudflare
So they're like pushing this direction very quickly. They were taught the lesson that
Just asking people to run all their stuff at edge doesn't really
Work because if people are making round trips or database or database in the region, you know, that's like it's not that simple
Um, so it didn't like land at least with our bigger customers the way they expected
Um at the same time. So this is a rumor. So I don't want to like say this as though it's a fact. Yeah
We're we're good journalists over here. Yes. I'm acknowledging say stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I think at this around the same time
They I heard a rumor that they signed a deal with AWS like a very serious deal of being like you're gonna build more
On AWS. They wouldn't give you better better pricing
But like everything you build is gonna be very hws focused
And I found and at the time I was like that's a weird because it seems like they were like super into cloudflare and doing cloudflare stuff
It's weird they would accept this deal
uh
To um, you know do more stuff on AWS. Yep
And then rsc's came out
Right, I'm sure you have to rsc's going out and also the messaging switched messaging switched to
rendering at edge is bad never render at edge rsc's render at the region
And like like it totally it totally pivoted and like all of their technology started to focus on like a complete different architecture
But the way they free they always phrase it as like this linear progress of like now. This is the next best thing
Now this is the next best thing
But to me, this is just a reflection of
They made this deal with AWS, you know rumored
Yeah, and now all their stuff goes back to rendering at region inside
You know runtimes and all the stuff they're like blabbering on about ppr like all this crap
It's all just weird workarounds
For that specific architecture
um
So that's like the transition i was witnessing then on friday
Like gromo finally snapped and you see this stuff he tweeted about
Yeah, so deep in some again these stupid annoying people being like
Oh, just five dollar bps and throw cloud flare in front of it, which yeah, yeah, I'm a huge fan of cloud flare
But again, these people don't it just do with a super conversation
I think after a week of having like all this like a bad launch week, basically
Uh gromo snapped and started like shitting on cloud flare
He was like, oh really?
You guys don't know how misleading their pricing is like they're lying about this
Oh, I did see this
He like he was like matthew is like cleverly rebranding this stuff to trick you
Yeah
He's like first name calling like the CEO of like a public company. It was really hard
Yeah, he started to say stuff like
Performance on our network is better like we have better reliability on our network
I'm like I sort of roll my eyes here. I'm like
What do you mean your network?
Shit, like this is you're just talking about it for cell global network. You can use for cells global accelerator
You can use for cell WAF
For cell lambda how deluded are you to like claim that you have better performance than
Right
A company sitting like at a much lower level on your net and the cloud flare is at its issues
It had downtime this past week, you know, that stuff happens of course
But it was such a weird call-out where like they're like calling out this much larger
Like more legit company on this thing and so to me, I was like, okay, clearly something
This is like confirmation like that relationship is sour. Mm-hmm. And
They're not really betting on building more of their infrastructure that way
Yeah, and from the cloud flare perspective, I'm sure it's frustrating on their side because if we're so never really properly
Demoed what's possible through cloud flare workers because
Their architecture was so weird that they would always like route through AWS first so they never fully took advantage of workers properly
Yeah
So yeah, like all this stuff is kind of happening in the background but from the end user's perspective
They're just seeing the quote-unquote progress of like next year's the new features and like here's what you should care about these
We should recap, but these are just like they're factoring in the constraints they have from yeah from these deals that they're cloud deals working out
Yeah, when you're a cloud reseller. We've spent a lot of time and a lot of mental energy goes into
Working with different clouds because you don't have a cloud
Yeah, yeah
So there's juggling all this stuff and figuring out workarounds and this whole PPR thing is so stupid like they're like people are obsessively repeating it
And literally everyone that's tried to tell me that it's important. I tweeted this the other day not a single person could explain it correctly to me
And yeah, it's really it's not because they're dumb
It's actually a really confusing concept because it's actually doing
So little it's doing so little but being positioned as this big thing that it's very confusing
and it's only the result of the fact that
A very versatile specific infrastructure like it starts to make sense to have something like that. Yeah
And it's not just for sale, but there is this problem when you're kind of a layer on top of the necessary layer
Where you have to like invent things that are like this is important
Just because you have to have a reason to use your thing like what what is the if you're just reselling someone else's service
you got to invent all these like
higher level
Concepts that don't necessarily they're not rooted in like real problems all the time
Yeah, especially the thing where he like started like try to pick a fight with cloud flare like the thing
He was like posting screenshots of like their argo pricing which really has nothing to do with anything
An end user of cloud flare will run into yeah, that's something vercell probably ran into it
Try as someone trying to build something on top of cloud flare, but he was kind of positioning it as like no
they do charge for bandwidth and
Uh, yeah, it's like extremely misleading and it was interesting to see that like snap
Because when I see a snap i'm like there's real fear there
Um, so he's like afraid of to some degree of the growth of cloud
If he wasn't afraid of it, he would want to send anything, you know if people just build on cloud flare they don't need
For sell, I guess um, they could still use next to s and deploy to cloud flare, but but like vercell
If if next to s does really well and the vercell commercial products tank vercell is a company does not do really well
Right. They don't make money on people using next JS
Like that's their funnel into vercell services. Yeah, no. No. Yeah, it's not good if people don't
If a large percent of people don't use use vercell, but yeah, I think the other thing that's interesting is
I think people forget that the world is not static
so
there was probably a time where
Uh using vercell was probably like
A massive difference from not using it. Mm. But the world is not static. There's new things that show up new products
That show up things get easier like things get figured out and you can't assume that this 10x benefit
Is there forever. Yeah, it's right. You got to constantly find new things and I think that's kind of what people are realizing. They're like
Yeah, like compared to five years ago
This probably is like much better, but compared to now other we have like, you know, it does know there are options that are
Maybe not as good, but like the gap isn't really there. Yeah
And it was crazy about building stuff and tech like any advantage you have or just business in general any advantage you have in a good market will
Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's tough. Like just thinking vercell strategically
like they're they're fighting that the infrastructure battle like having to worry about all these infrastructure providers or
Open source tools like sst things eating them on that side
Then also just the framework side like astro can come along and be the bigger thing
Or it could be on some path that gains more adoption and and that eats into next day
So it's like they're fighting on all fronts to stay relevant. That's tough. Yeah, and that's what's tough on open source company
You have two products to defend
Yeah, so that's like, you know twice as hard. Yeah
The other thing from this week is you see the benchmark i posted
Yeah
Yeah, that one like that actually went pretty viral and people are starting to like expand on it
Okay, so my first question is how much does it matter in like a on-demand functions environment like
in the world where
I mean it's still slower
So like rendering your pages or whatever is slower in next js than a react
Do you want to explain the benchmark first?
Yeah, so the benchmark was comparing the number of requests per second
You could get through just a simple hello world versatile app and it's not interesting on its own
It's mostly interesting compared to just using react to server render stuff directly
Which of course it's something like this
I had a bunch of idiots in the replies being like this doesn't matter like what do you mean?
You're comparing reacting the browser to next in the server and like people just didn't understand that yeah react on its own
Can take JSX and spit out like a stream to send down from the server?
Yep, that's the best performance you can possibly get because there's no overhead
The interesting part was a gap and actually it is so much slower. It was getting my and that setup was getting 400
requests a second
It was like 170 times slower than just using react directly
So all the overhead that next adds like that's the bloat and I found it interesting because it's like
Okay, this is that gap is what represents all the stuff that next added and the question is like is that sound
Right like the features they add require that much
bonus
That was a benchmark and yeah, I the same thought as you like request per second like how does that translate to like a serverless world
It's tricky
So it matters and it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter in that the parallelization is happening at a different layer in lambda
Like there's a lower level system. That's like spinning up things that are running
Um, but that lower level system is always
More inefficient than like something that's scaling within
Each thing. Yeah, and there is talk about having like allowing lambda functions to
Handle more than one request at a time
Like oh right now
You go ahead. Yeah, so right now there's a problem where
A lot of people spent by lambda function. It gets a request
Let's say there's 50 milliseconds in that request where it's just waiting on IO. It's waiting for third party service or database
Uh that container is not doing anything
It's already up. It's already warm. It's ready to take another request if another request comes in AWS
We'll spin up another container. So that's inefficient on
Yeah, ground level you're putting in a bunch of work. So the lambda scaling thing is just inefficient in general
It's very generic and works for anything
but like
In a focused way in terms of like efficiently using resources, it's not efficient. So I know world where lambda allows you to have
Reuse existing container for the second request. This sort of some matter again
Okay, so it and it does matter anyway because like you said
I mean still less efficient use of resources if it takes longer to render your page more compute
Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah, yeah, it's interesting
I mean like they build so much stuff on top of react all these features that they build I guess
Makes sense that there's a trade-off
Well, it's sort of then people were like, okay, let's go check the other frameworks
And remix
Is also slower than react, but it's five times slower not 170 times. Yeah, you know
And they checked like spellkit. They checked solid. They checked a bunch of these things
So the interesting results were kind of interesting
It's fun to see
But yeah, man like those like those are really surprising numbers
I could like 400 requests a second is like really bad
Yeah, do you ever wonder like
Does it feel like we pick on I don't know. Are we picking on resell in next year's like why are they so easy to to dislike?
Because so things like this. It's like objectively numbers bad
But you say it and it's like just feels like we're beating up on them all the time
and it's like why do we do that but
Oh, I feel like it's their fault. I don't know
I don't feel like I just make fun of people for no reason
Yeah, if you want to play if you want to play a brand where it's like where the best were elites
I guess all this shit
They were saying how they're better than cloud flare if you want to like play that game. You're gonna get you got to back it up
A proportion of her response, right? So yeah, I uh
Yeah, I don't I don't feel any like weird about that
I feel like cloud flares in this this is totally kind of tendential. They're in such a great position where
Everybody loves it. It's public like they've made it like they're a big company with all this crazy infrastructure and advantages
Uh, but like still people like me love cloud flare and don't really use it
So like I didn't know there was downtime. They don't get any of the like downsides of you know
I mean like when you have tons of people depending on your stuff
It's like still so early but yet not early where they get to like if a tree falls in the forest. Nobody here sees it
Does it happen? Was there actually cloud flare downtime? I don't know
I love cloud flare
It's funny because like that is a because they have
They have a successful business has nothing to do with anything that we really touch right?
Yeah, that's like where they that's why they've got big and now they're expanding to this new market
And they're like early like they're treated like any early company there where like it's mostly excitement people aren't using it enough to
Know the rough edges know the pain points are getting have gotten screwed by it to some degree
Eventually, I think people will land in a more reasonable place. Yeah
My goal it's funny. Like I was like, okay, our goal with all the sst cloud flare stuff is
You know every month someone posts a tweet about how the AWS console sucks
I want that to switch to a tweet about how the cloud flare console sucks because that'll happen
Like with more people using cloud for other people like what the hell's wrong with this console
Yeah, so is it possible to have like for one of these
cloud providers to have a good console because I feel like
That it's like two separate problems and I don't know what the like first principles
like
Grounded in physics reasons for this is but I feel like there's got to be a company like AWS and cloud flare that has all the underlying infrastructure
They have all the physical stuff deployed and all the people swapping drives out and doing all that stuff
the they're like the electricity provider or whatever
And then they're fundamentally going to have such a wide surface area that there's no way to build a single like
unified
Console that makes sense unless you just built multiple of them for each of the specific types of use cases like
These these like utility provider level infrastructure companies like AWS
That can handle like millions of different use cases because they have millions of different customers
So I feel like there's it's like this untractable impossible problem to build a console that like everyone loves
On top of AWS because they've got 200 plus services, whatever
So it feels like there has to be this next layer of companies that build
a shrink wrapped experience for a specific use case on top of
The the underlying thing or do you think there's some way that they could solve this problem?
I mean they have all the resources in the world. I guess they could just hire enough teams to build enough consoles
That one i'm good. I don't know. Okay. So I think they're I think a lot of what you're saying is true, especially in the AWS case like
AWS case is the console is basically a one-to-one reflection of their public API
Like it just maps things directly which makes sense like that
Makes sense for what you would build a console with
But there's so like a range of how well you execute even on that like in the cloud floor case
I think the ux of their console is not bad. I do find some their stuff confusing. I think it's that's just they have like
Quite a few products a lot of them are like
Still kind of early so it's kind of confusing what they are the documentation is sparse
If you ignore all of that because you can assume that it's better
Yeah, the console's slow as shit like there's spinners everywhere anytime I try to do anything that is spinners and that is a pure execution thing like
uh, the effort wasn't put in to be like
Let's pretend to power users using this like where they are frustrated
And yeah, like when i'm clicking through there like why is every the amount of data i'm looking through is probably like less than a
Megabyte for everything i have deployed in there
Yeah, like why is there just spinners on every single page transition i think i don't even notice because i'm not like
uh extreme
Web performance peeled like you are i feel like you've looked at so many like the five good web apps in the world so much
That like you see everything else so much harsher and i just don't even feel it because it's like yeah
This is most of the web you do feel it i don't feel it but i just i just don't feel it
You might not even consciously register it but yeah
It's at the end of the day. It's like you do feel like as if i asked you the question
If i told you oh, can you go fix one two three things and i go use a cloud threat console to do that
Are you excited to do that or you're like fine i'll do it. It's like a task, right?
So that's like that's kind of where you end up feeling it. Yeah, I know it's a problem. I just think like
I probably am more in the camp that when i use a really good one of the like five really good web apps
It's more like a positive wow, this is really great versus like feeling the pain
I know i definitely feel it extremely just because i've started these apps too much
Uh, yeah, it's actually i think of as a sacrifice i've like sacrificed my ability to enjoy
Can't be internet tool like i hate every single thing so much but in exchange all like, you know
Help people understand how to make stuff really good. It really comes down to just caring a whole lot right?
Alluring about that dimension. Yeah, yeah, and it's like these providers typically don't do a good job with last mile tooling
Like we've seen that with AWS cloud flare i would say is like 10 times better
But it's still challenging for them. It's like i think it's tricky to get the right people
To do that stuff who also understand all the rest of the things
That's what the acquisitions they made are interesting because i think it brings like that type of person
Into the company and we'll see if the company's structure allows them to actually do what they do well
Uh, if they fail to deliver something good, then you kind of know that it's like a corporate structure thing
The company is too big and because you see people deliver well
Okay, so uh
You just cemented you cemented a theory that i'm just going in my brain right now
And if you can see the wheels turning like when i'm thinking hard, it's pretty visible in my face
You can just tell me if this is something like paul grams already tweeted like 10 times
But there's this theory in my mind now that shaping up where
There's only like 0.001 percent of the population that cares a whole lot about everything they do
There's this tiny amount of the population on the earth
That like sweats every little detail and just cares about like they're very in just intense about everything they do right
And the bigger an organization so startups filled with these people and there's like a 10 person startup
Maybe half of them are like that. Yeah, but the bigger the organization organization gets
So a to bus a to bs the size you're just deluding down the amount of cares that your organization has
The amount of f's that it gives right because there's only so many people so when a company the cloud player size
They're smaller than a bs they have a higher percentage of caring
Right or just high output individuals or just good at what they do people so when they acquire little companies that are
chock full of the cares
Right and they're just improving that. Okay. So is it all tied together? Did I make any sense?
Yeah, no, I mean that that makes sense. The other flip side though is there's some stat where it's like 90 percent of mna is a failure
I think I know we talked about before. Yeah, I believe that. Yeah. Yeah, this that is so ridiculous that i'm just like how
How are people still acquiring companies when it's this bad? It's like it's mostly going to be something that doesn't work out
So yeah, I guess my question would be how do they measure that and what I mean is like
There's no way to measure the impact of those individuals that they acquired because so much of it's just buying the people the team
Is there really a way to I guess like sales revenue there's ways to quantify it, but like
Can they really capture? Yeah, I think there's like a subjective thing you can ask people involved in the deal five years later
We'll do the deal again. Gotcha. That's a good signal. Yeah, I think that encompasses everything
Yeah, no, I don't know if that's how they do it, but I I can see some something like that
Uh, yeah, yeah, it's a part where I'm like it's crazy that people still acquire companies like yeah
It really is what you think about that. I don't want to say that a lot too much because
Yeah, I've done it people
Yeah, I think it's like it's especially it's usually like bad companies that have good market positions acquiring
Decent like competitors
Mm-hmm and then like that I can see why that doesn't work out because a company sucks and that people
Company gets acquired and like most of people quit after
Six months. Yeah or like just fail to like even be able to be effective in the new company like I totally got that
but
Yeah, so I don't know like we'll see we'll see what comes out of it
And it's like a good reflection of what their culture is like and and how they can kind of preserve. Yeah
People's care ability. Okay. I've got this super strong urge to talk about literally anything else
Do you ever feel like we talk about the same like five things just over and over?
I mean it makes sense because we're not really thinking about like a podcast or an audience
We're literally just having conversations
And I think this is something people probably do and they keep having conversations every week with somebody
Just keep talking about a lot of the same things because you're kind of refining your thoughts and all that
But I just really want to talk about literally anything else. I was gonna talk about our plan for next week
That's exactly what I was just thinking. I was like, oh, that next week because I'm totally healthy and I'm gonna make it and it's gonna be fine
Okay, so we were flying out on monday monday and you're gonna land around 1 p.m. Eastern
Uh-huh
So then prime and teach can we talk about like
That we're all gonna be together. Well, this episode is not gonna come out till monday. So oh, so i'll be in Miami when this episode comes out
How weird? Yeah, wait, no, I won't it'll be in the morning
Close enough
I'll be on the plane. I'll basically be here. The reason is podcast adam is basically here
Yes, and so and prime is gonna be here in the evening. I think he's landing at seven
Uh, and then tj is getting here around the same time as you i think around noon
But i think i'll be able to pick both of you guys up
Um, but i'll see
Some we've got the first two day first day. We're just gonna be setting up and figuring out
Our structure because we're gonna be streaming on tuesday and wednesday. Oh, that's right
So we're not streaming till tuesday. So we've got all monday to get everything set up
all the equipment and like just grab whatever lost many things we need to
We need to buy
How are we gonna do this?
I think we need to actually play in a little bit on this call and i'm sorry podcast listeners
You're just gonna have to hear it, but because you don't actually know what we're doing, but like
We're gonna set up a spot in your house. Yeah, like a desk
And we're and then your desk that you're setting up right now. We can use that desk too. I guess it's already set up
So I have this outdoor patio area, which I think is gonna be really good for that because we can all sit around this big table that I have
Can I take a nap in the hammock if i'm not feeling well? Is that a yes?
Okay, we can have a camera on the hammock. Yeah
For the sleeping person
So I think that can be the main area and it shouldn't be too hard to set up
The only thing I got to figure out is and this isn't this is not a problem
We would have the mosquito candles going all day. They're pretty effective. Yes, please. So that's fine
Um, but also I found what actually works really well is if in the morning
I just spend five minutes killing them all with my electric racket
Like what
An electric racket is like an electric tennis rack. It looks like a tennis racket
But it's electric and you're swinging and it makes the loudest most satisfying noise. It like explodes when they kill some contact
Yeah, it's like it's like you're you're gonna hear it and you're gonna understand the satisfaction
And there's like a whiff of smoke. They like explode and disintegrate
Have you ever considered like life from like an insects perspective
Like think of the things they have to worry about and just introduced electric
Tennis rackets into that like these giant monkeys
Swing these flaming instruments at them that just disintegrate them
Like can you imagine them telling their kids about how not to go outside the the like tree or something because this is what you'll have to
Anyway, so I'm just gonna get more into this. So I don't kill anything except mosquitoes
Like the rest of the like the moths and stuff like they don't really bother me
Um, but mosquitoes like I wasn't trying to make like an animal rights. No, no. I know. I know but my point is
Uh, it's not there. There's usually just like four or five that are around and if you just you can freeze to get them all
Uh, the one that my technique is I sit in one chair
And I put my feet up on another chair and eventually mosquitoes come to the bike bite my legs
And then I just fuck them up
Uh, then i'm also really this on camera
The other thing i'm setting up is I had this I got the stuff for this a while ago
But I never set it up. There's like a trap you can build you build like the perfect the perfect place for mosquitoes to lay their eggs
Like their dream place to have babies. It's like a bucket of water
Full of a bunch of like leaves and stuff to make it like release carbon and it's like their dream spot
But you put these things they're called mosquito dumps and like they're not even toxic and they happen to only kill
Mosquito larva. So you set this up and you're like oh, fuck. Yeah, it's best place to lay my eggs and then
It kills the children and get killed. Oh my god. They just stop and eventually they just stop, you know
Like they're not around. I don't know where this mosquito empathy is coming from because I hate mosquitoes so much
And yeah, if there's anything in the world like brutality of what i'm talking about
Yeah, it's just starting to sound like a sadistic. I don't know like you're getting some you are getting some enjoyment out of murdering
You suck in my blood. So I know yeah, they deserve it
It's if there's any creature in the world that deserves it. It's mosquitoes
Why do the sea does exist like what purpose do they serve from an evolutionary standpoint or whatever?
How does that? I don't know. I just feel like they're knowing this for disease
Not not so much in America, but in other places. Yeah. Yeah, there's a truck that drives around in our neighborhood
Like on Wednesdays and it sprays this like gas. You have you seen that
First time it happened and I didn't know what it was. It's like oh my word
we're being like 11 in your memories
Like this truck comes by just shooting gas is like a foggy all over
Wild but kills them skittos but that the problem with if that is it kills a lot of stuff. I think oh really
I'm surprised they do that without like
Asking yeah, because here you like higher city to come do that on your property
Oh, interesting. Yeah, it's just the city that has this truck and they drive it around the boys love to watch it
But we run inside because I don't want to be exposed to it. I don't know what it is
So aside from that, I'm sure we can get those under control
There's some days where we spend most of the day outside and it's very comfortable
The weather is really good. It's not going to be hot or anything if it does get hot
Yeah, what is the weather right now? I can always look it up, but I just like to ask someone
It is like this whole month has been like the best weather ever. It's like
Exactly a little under 80 degrees with like a nice breeze. Nice. Perfect. Yeah, it's like
80s then it's a little warm for my taste getting hotter every day
So I don't know what it'll be like next week, but it's generally been very comfortable
So we're gonna we're gonna set up some cameras
We're gonna stream multiple time like multiple people streaming at once. How are we doing?
I don't know what we're gonna do. I think we have to get there and play with some setup
I figure you have multiple cameras and we'll rotate between them, but I don't know what happens when
Is there it like?
Someone's gonna be working on the thing which I assume prime will be
His screen should be shared. So yeah, I don't I don't know how much
We'll probably like rotate between a few different setups
Yeah, and then so prime is working on the front end so to speak
You've already built the back end. You're gonna build the back end. Almost is basically done. Yeah, and yeah, so a few more things
an API
the front he's working on
We'll see how it goes. There's like you're speaking to my my slight trepidation
my anxiety over this
because like
The tools we're using to build is quite unique front end are very good, but
There's a learning curve
It's like a very different mental model and yeah
If I take a little bit to understand what the fuck did how the fuck we're doing
Yeah, um, but I built something with it
So I have like some sense and I'm like a little bit familiar with the programming model from something I've worked on before
But even then it's like you might need to be sitting with prime and breaking my brain
I have real work to do. I'm working on real stuff. Wait, not related to our project next week
Well, I mean, I don't know what we can't walk off. We can't hold his work on this
Together like it doesn't really make sense. That's true. But there's so much to do
Physically the manager is gonna be me and you I think yeah, I'm very excited. I'm very excited about it
So the bizarre stuff. Yes, I can I can work on that
um
So we'll do that
Hopefully that gets set up. We're gonna probably have to buy a few things
So we streamed Tuesday and Wednesday and then thursday is a conference
Yeah, thursday is my my party which is around two p.m. Oh my god. I had a dream yesterday that
uh
like my party happened and like
Eight people showed up
And nobody was talking to each other was really awkward
I was just kind of sitting around and I was like waiting for like my friends to show up
Like the people I like wanted to come
Like I just kept in the clock checking the clock and just kept getting closer and closer to the time that the party would be over
And I was like dreams are awesome
I woke up and I was like
Oh my god, like what if that happens and I was like that's so unrealist
That's the most unrealistic dream that like nobody would show up and it would just be completely boring. Nobody talking to each other
And I was like that would be really bad if that's what happened
Can I just say it sounds kind of awesome actually I kind of hope that happens now
I know something about the awkwardness of it sounds kind of great like eight people
I don't know we'd have some great conversation by the end there'd be like camaraderie
We'd all bond over this weird shared experience sounds fun as long as I'm one of the eight people
I think what in my dream what happened was so I basically invited a bunch of people I knew and then I invited a bunch of people that like
I don't know that well
Or like don't know as many people of the other people and only those people showed up
So there was no like there wasn't anyone to like connect everyone together. Yeah, everyone's kind of standing around like not
Yeah, very detailed dream. Yeah dreams are awesome. I don't always have dreams. Sometimes I have dreams
Yeah, I really have dreams. I was uh
I literally have them when I wake up and go back to sleep
Which is what I did this morning
I did that this morning wait when you say wake up and go back to sleep
What time did you wake up and then go back to sleep like around the time I should have woke up and not
Oh, you went back to sleep like in the morning hours
Because I always wake up in the middle of the night like literally every single night
Two or three
Uh, and it's uh, it's just like a 50/50 shot if I'll be able to fall back to sleep
And last night I woke up that I fell back to sleep
So not the same thing. Do you have a dream? Uh, I did have a dream last night. I don't remember what it was
Why is it that you can't remember as soon as you like start trying to think about it?
It's like going away falling out of your hands. It's like you're grasping at it. The more you grasp the more
Uh-huh. It falls out. It's like I feel like the whole dream was in my memory just now
And then it just like the more I tried to find it
It just went away
What's happening is when you're asleep
Uh, your brain goes into a state where it connects to your alternate lives in other dimensions and you witness
Oh, you witness what's happening to them
And then when you wake up interesting you lose that connection and you can't really remember what happened
Man every time I think about like multiverse stuff
I spend like three days just like in an existential crisis thinking about all this and then I forget about it and I live
I'll move on
Oh, I learned about the grossest thing. I hate when I learned about something like this
So I'm gonna share it with everyone. Uh, if you're heard of like these skin mites
They're like just living in your face. Yeah, they're like they run across your face while you sleep
Yeah, there's like little pictures of like every pore on your face and like these little mites or just they're a little tail sticking out
It's disgusting
But I forgot about it. So there's hope you guys I just taught you about it
And you're gonna look it up and Wikipedia or whatever
But then you'll forget and a few weeks you'll forget and you're good. It's cool. Okay. Thank you for that
This is a good transition
So I have to ask you a question
So logistically, how are we gonna feed you because you eat weird stuff? Oh man. I hate this
This is top number one reason or top three
Uh that it sucks to be a vegan is
People just have a different stance toward you as soon as you come out and you're like i'm plant-based
People they just feel bad when they
I don't feel bad. I just want to figure it out
Eating eating is such a like fundamental part of our social fiber. Yes, it becomes more fraught
Well, okay, so maybe you don't have any weird feelings, but everyone else in my life
It's just this is no uncomfortable tension. I get it like adds it adds
So eating together is like so fundamental and straightforward and basic and there's like yeah
Like we all know the protocol for that, but then would people when people have varying diets it like
It like puts a kink into something that's very like tough. Yeah straight forward otherwise
So to make it tougher, I'm not gonna give you any answers. You're just gonna figure. I'm just kidding
Like like can you they're using a order of food for yourself
I'm gonna say if you don't mind when I travel I love to just like explore
Uber eats in the area and like find all the cool vegan spots
If you don't mind I just order some food in and I'll eat it while you guys eat other stuff
Okay, if that's cool with you. That's great. Yeah, because I figured uh that we would I mean, I don't know like
Primary tj are describing like they're gonna be streaming for like 40 hours straight, which i'm just like
Is that what's gonna happen or like i'm very skeptical like everyone is not young
Yeah, yeah, that's a great way to call us old. That's not young
I'm pretty sure people are gonna want their sleep, but I figured we just we maybe order food for lunch
The lunches and then we maybe like go out somewhere in the evening
Um and most places here have like good vegan options. Anyway, yeah, but i'm also not
Worried if we go out to dinner at normal
Normal uh human dinner times and I don't eat because I usually stop eating pretty early in the day
So it's it works out if you guys want to go to a place and I don't have vegan options
I probably just don't need to eat in the evening. Anyway, if that makes sense
There is that place that vegan place by me where i'm like, i'm never gonna go here unless adam's here because like oh, yeah
At some point. Yeah
I think they deliver stuff so we could order from there
um
Okay, so that's that we might like barbeque one of the evenings. I'll bring some of my uh mycelian mushroom steaks
They're delicious. Do you have to bring them? Can we just come here? I'll find some at the at the whole foods or something
Yeah, we got some good good producers here
Um
Yeah, figure we could we could do that. So that's a food situation. Yeah, and then yeah thursday
Is the opening part of my party then the opening thursday is gonna be one big party
We got so much stuff like for the party like just a ton of alcohol
Yeah, yeah, I posted a picture that I realized my license plate was just like fully visible so I deleted it
That's awesome. I was like I think i like think harder about these things
Um, but that picture was only like half of it because it was obscuring all stuff behind it like liz went nuts at costco
Um to look like a giant box of blow pops like it's blow pops
Yeah, just like the suckers with gum in them. Yeah, it's always weird when you realize like
Yeah, products still exist. They wouldn't go away if people keep buying them. I don't I don't know why I thought they didn't exist anymore
But that's so wild
This green pops still a thing. Yeah, they are and baby bottle pops are a thing like it's it's it's funny
Well, we were
We were at a grocery store the other day and we were like walking through the island
I'm like who the hell is like coming to this fancy as gross store? I'm buying like
this really like over the top like single-use candy
And then she pointed out that all of them
Everything in that category was at like waist level on the shelf
Which is I level for children kids
So she's like it's just like optimized to like a track there. I can't explain how hard it is to go to the grocery store with kids
Just
What's that? Oh, they're just like can I have this? Can I have this? Oh, yeah, we're just grabbing stuff
And like there's glass and you're just it's it's terrifying
I just don't take them to the store anymore. We just we order stuff into cart grocery
Like three times more expensive one into cart something stupid like that two times. I don't know way more expensive
It's kind of ridiculous, but it's so convenient every time I do it. I'm like, I shouldn't do this
We should just go get these things as the store
But it's just so convenient when they just bring it to your house
I love it and I'm supporting the gig economy or something. I don't think it paid well. They probably don't
We overall find it a worse experience to insta car to go in there
No, no, we we find getting gorgeous delivered to be a worse experience
Why because there is just like there's decisions that they can't make for you and sometimes they have your decisions fruit like
We don't give any produce. Yeah. Yeah, it's like yeah, like produce
You like want to be able to pick out
Sometimes they like replace things in a weird way and you like miss their message
It just like adds at least for us it adds a lot
Stuff yeah, I get that and like going to the great store is like extremely convenient for us
Like there's one that we can really walk to then there's like there's like another
Cool place across the street that we drive to
Uh, and there's like a whole foods. I know yeah before kids. We loved going to the grocery store
Like it was a there's an experience when we get some food and they have smoothies there and stuff like that
It's a good time. Yeah, so we generally like going but we'll see if that changes. Yeah someday. Okay
so
the party we
So I think you guys will you're gonna be at your hotel
Wednesday night
You can probably come over whenever you want thursday morning
And then we can set up you can help us set up for the party
Yeah, I don't know if there's too much like we have a cleaning person coming and we're gonna have like tear down
I guess all the streaming setup. Yeah, because we'll be done streaming at that point
Yeah, so just like putting all that up and and getting it ready
But there's not there's not too much to do and hopefully people start showing up people will show up
How many people signed up? Okay, I was gonna say here's what's gonna happen
It's either going to be that 10 people show up or a hundred people show up
It probably all depends on travel like people will want to be there. It's just
Work out. Yeah, where they get in on time
But it's just it's this thing where like I started inviting people and then like like very early
You're gonna kept inviting more and more people
Because like you know, there's a certain level of like yeah, you gotta make it
But then I guess in the last week like no one's really thinking about this up to the last week
This past week. I've had like a bunch of people being like, oh, hey, can I bring this person or like no
I use other people. Yeah, I can make it now. So now it's like really
Inflating it's like you're like an airline. You just overlook the flight and you're just hoping half the people show up
It's like you have to do it that way, but it's like if everybody shows up. We're screwed
Not nearly enough blow pop. That's true. Actually, no, I'm like oh and we have catering coming. We have like this really good
uh
Mexican place that's gonna deliver stuff nice, but me and lizards talking yesterday and we're like
Looking around our backyard. We're like what would it be like if there were 50 people here?
Then I noticed that uh, my patio has like tile on the ground. So I was like, okay, imagine each person standing on a tile
Let's see how many tiles we have and you know like
It could it's like actually not that many people like we definitely handle like a lot like when I thought about it in terms of tiles
Like every person sitting on a tile like 50 people only takes up like two thirds of the patio and then we have the whole backyard. So so okay
Yeah
Anyway, we're really excited. We should try that when everybody's there. We should all stand on a tile
Just for this experiment to see how
First I did one tile per person and I was like this might be too cramped
Let's try like four tiles per person and see how that works and I like took up the whole patio
Uh, but people were more space apart, you know, you remember during covid. It was like six feet apart
Like that. Yeah, there's still places. You'll go like and they've got the little circles in the ground
like social distancing
They're so embarrassing. They fucking put those all there. Oh my god. And not just that. Okay, so
they also had like
Traffic flow stickers the grocery store where it was like you need to be walking in this direction in this aisle
And if you like want to use this aisle
You gotta like come in from the other side and walk straight and of course
I gotta pay attention to any of the acts. I'm like this is so stupid. Like what are they trying to avoid like collages between people?
It's so funny that your mind like immediately goes down stupid it is and I'm just such a like
Rule follower and I have this big weird hang up with authority
Like if anybody tries to take charge and like being command of a situation
I want to follow them. I'm like I will follow whatever they do
So when a business does stupid stuff even if it's stupid, I'm like, yes
Yes, sir. I will follow your lines and your circles
And I just don't even question it and then I hear you talking like yeah, that is stupid. Why did I do this?
No, so I think my brain works a little bit differently
So when someone asks me to do something I naturally don't want to do it because I don't want to do anything that I'm not already doing
Yeah, so if my first thought is
What could happen if I don't do this like one can they even notice can they even catch me
Two if they do catch me, are they actually going to do anything about it? And if those two things are not very
Impressive then I just don't yeah, then you're just saying okay
That's fair
But that's only because 90 percent of people follow it and I get to like take advantage of you guys by
By being the one person that does that's me. I'm a sheep
I'm a sheeple a sheep person. I'm not a sheeple. That's multiple. I'm just a sheep. Just a sheep a sheep person
A sheep person. All right. I gotta go. I gotta pee and my kids
Are done with screen time. They need to be done with screen time
I've just had them on screen time this whole time. I'm solo-dadding. I'm a terrible father
I can't just let them watch TV all day
Now they're gonna come out stupid
Were they watching like bluey? They're like
Bluey? I don't think that's still a show. I think you need to catch up on where kids meet is
I like just found out about bluey in the past like six months. Is that wait, what is that blue clues? No, that's different. That's not blue.
Bluey is like the new thing. It's very similar as I was like a I'm kind of animal my kids
So I have to pee really bad, but I'm gonna try to stay really fast
My kids watch some of this dumbest show like not like oh, yeah, it's a dumb show like if I watched an old kid show
I'd probably think it was dumb, but these days there's so many shows on Netflix. There's no words
Like it's like animals just doing stuff to each other and there's no words
I feel like that's terrible. Like you're not they could at least learn some language or something while they're watching
I've been so curious about this because a lot of you describe this
Can you like send me a name of one of these shows because I like people keep describing it to me
I need to like know what it actually is like I will send you. Yes. I will send you one
You should check out Netflix kids sometime and just scroll through it. It's a train wreck. Okay. I gotta be okay
It's been good. Thanks. Thanks. See you next week
You